change users login to opensilex and add event context (#39)
OpenSILEX/docs-community-dev: docs/localInstallation.md

#### Initialising Users
To start using or try Phis, two users are created automatically:
* admin@opensilex.org/admin for administrative rights
* guest@opensilex.org/guest for restricted rights

> See Phis user documentation for explanation and add other users.

Reviewer: link to the user documentation: https://opensilex.github.io/phis-docs-community/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Phis user documentation](https://opensilex.github.io/phis-docs-community/) for further explanation on users management and how to add new users.
```
